docs: vector sdk for php (#373)
upstash/docs: vector/sdks/php/commands/upsert-data.mdx

---

> title: Upserting Vectors with Embedded Models

Reviewer: I think we can change the title to Upserting Data with Embedding Models.

Author: done

---

> Upstash Vector includes embedded models that can automatically generate vector embeddings for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upstash Vector provides embedding models that can automatically generate vector embeddings for you.
```

You can read more about [Embedding Models](/vector/features/embeddingmodels) on our docs.

## Upsert Data

> We’ll use the `upsertData()` method to instruct the SDK to upsert data that generates vectors from one of our embedding models, as demonstrated below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We’ll use the `upsertData()` method to instruct the SDK to upsert or update data that generates vectors from one of our embedding models, as demonstrated below:
```

Author: upsert is update or insert, so I don't feel the need to add "or update". what do you think?

Reviewer: Yeah you are right, for some reason I always think of upsert as insert.

```php
use Upstash\Vector\Index;
use Upstash\Vector\DataUpsert;

$index = new Index(
  url: "<UPSTASH_VECTOR_REST_URL>",
  token: "<UPSTASH_VECTOR_REST_TOKEN>",
);

$index->upsertData(new DataUpsert(
  id: '1',
  data: 'The capital of Japan is Tokyo',
));
// or within a namespace

> $index->namespace('my-namespace')->upsertData(new DataUpsert(

Reviewer: Not sure about this being here, maybe we can turn this into a Code Group and have a separate tab for the namespace example.

Author: i'll create an example with both

Author: Done, the CodeGroups look good
